Add Qiskit Docs Guide (#173)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: docs_guide/apidocs/how_to_add_an_api_reference.rst

            returned.

        Returns:
            A dict mapping keys to the corresponding table row data
            fetched. Each row is represented as a tuple of strings. For
            example:

            {b'Serak': ('Rigel VII', 'Preparer'),
            b'Zim': ('Irk', 'Invader'),
            b'Lrrr': ('Omicron Persei 8', 'Emperor')}

            Returned keys are always bytes.  If a key from the keys argument is
            missing from the dictionary, then that row was not found in the
            table (and require_all_keys must have been False).

        Raises:
            IOError: An error occurred accessing the smalltable.
        """

The above code examples were copied from `the Google Python
Style Guide <https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#38-comments-and-docstrings>`_. Please
refer to it for more detailed explanations. 

Update the page
===============

In order to update the page you need to add your class or function to the ``__init__.py`` of the module(s) in which it's included. This can be done by adding the name to a :rst:dir:`sphinx:toctree` like this one:

.. code-block:: python

>     .. autosummary::
>        :toctree: ../stubs/
>        
>        YourClass
>        your_func

Reviewer: Here it might be better to refer to `SampleClass` and `fetch_smalltable_rows` to keep consistency with the previous part.
```suggestion
    .. autosummary::
       :toctree: ../stubs/
       
       SampleClass
       fetch_smalltable_rows
```

###########################
How to add an API reference
###########################

.. include:: ../others/how-to_type.rst

This guide shows how to add an API reference page to your documentation.

.. include:: ../others/general_pre-requisites.rst

Create a new API reference
==========================

> In order to create an API reference, you need to find the function or class for which you want to include the reference in the ``qiskit_x`` folder of your repository ``qiskit-x``.

Reviewer 2: different repos may have different folder structures

```suggestion
In order to create an API reference, you need to find the function or class for which you want to write the reference in the main code of your project.
```

###########################
How to add an API reference
###########################

.. include:: ../others/how-to_type.rst

This guide shows how to add an API reference page to your documentation.

.. include:: ../others/general_pre-requisites.rst

Create a new API reference
==========================

In order to create an API reference, you need to find the function or class for which you want to write the reference in the main code of your project.
Then you have to create a docstring like those ones.

.. code-block:: python

    class YourClass:
        """This is the API reference for
        YourClass.
        """
        def __init__():
        ...
    
    def your_func(x):
        """This is the reference

>         for your_func.

Author: Good point. Let me add a more realistic example. We are using Google style for example [here](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-terra/blob/ecb6f9a536ff516e93905792f518d9b7e9731fd2/qiskit/circuit/quantumcircuit.py#L127-L167).

```
Args:

Returns:

Raises:
```

>         for your_func.

Author: Added in https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme/pull/173/commits/4aff6b20cdbd969ca22ab7caffdfadf5eb569a0e
